#summary Release Notes
#labels Featured

= gwt-maps-gxt Release Notes =


== Release 1.0.0.Beta5 (released April 29, 2009) ==


=== General Changes & Enhancements ===

  * Migrating to gwt-1.6.4 and gxt-1.2.4 [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=55 r55]

  * MapMenuController supports menus. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=55 r55]

=== API Changes ===

  * IMenuController renamed to MenuController, ITipProvider renamed to TipProvider. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=51 r51]

  * OverlayTip renamed to DefaultOverlayTip. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=55 r55]


=== Bug fixes ===

  * OverlayMenuTipController did not call detachMouseOverHandlers, so these handlers where active, even when the overlay has been removed from the MapWidget. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=52 r52]

  * MarkerGXTController.showMenu() checks, if MenuProvider is null. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=55 r55]



== Release 1.0.0.Beta4 (released April 2, 2009) ==


=== General Changes & Enhancements ===

  * Menus are now listening to right clicks. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=35 r35]


=== API Changes ===

  * Adding support for lazy loading tips and menus via ITipProvider and IMenuProvider. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=32 r32]

  * Controllers are now using the base class Tip instead of OverlayTip. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=31 r31]

  * tool tips can be refreshed (e.g. after a rpc callback when the data to be displayed is loaded) [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=35 r35]

  * Base classes moved to package com.claudiushauptmann.gwt.maps.gxt.client.core. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=36 r36]

  * Adding default implementations for ITipProvider and IMenuProvider. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=37 r37]


=== Bug fixes ===

  * The controllers now work with both menus and tooltips at a time and with only menus or only tooltips. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=30 r30]



== Release 1.0.0.Beta3 (released March 3, 2009) ==


=== API Changes ===

  * The current position is stored in the MapMenuController, thus, every OverlayMenuTipController needs a reference to this class instead of a reference to the MapWidget [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=26 r26]


=== Bug fixes ===

  * OverlayMenuTipController is only listening to MapMouseMove if Mouse is over the Overlay. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=26 r26]

  * Tool tips and menus were visible at the same time. [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=21 r21]

  * mapDragStart now hides Menu (did not work on IE) [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=20 r20]

  * MarkerMenuTipController.detach() did not call super.detach() [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-maps-gxt/source/detail?r=25 r25]